Mr. Li is so young
Promoted to the position of president of the next generation group
Tonight you will receive a 10 billion order from Pangu Group
The future is limitless
Mr. Ma Temple is scattered
Hmm haha
Yes, my son has been excellent since he was a child
Can be appreciated by the Pangu Group
Suffice to say this
Mr. Li is really the proud son of heaven, the dragon and phoenix of man
Hey, why didn't the lady come tonight?
Ah, to be honest.
I plan to divorce Natsume
No, Mr. Li and Mrs. Xia are in love
I'm getting a divorce
A family business as big as the Xia Group
Isn't it going to be divided into two?
Since everyone is so curious
Then I'm a mother
Take all these years of grievances
Let me tell you.
Back then, my son didn't mind that Xia Meng was blind
Marry him and start a family
So many years
All affairs of the Xia Group
My son takes care of it all the time.
My son for the Xia Group
It's a busy day.
do your best
Take care of the company and thrive
But I didn't expect
Xia Meng this bitch
Staying home every day and enjoying the success
Not only do you not ask the company
He also had an affair with the servants at home
What a shame
I didn't expect Mrs. Xia to cheat
No wonder Li always wants to divorce him
Hello sir
The wife left the house while we weren't paying attention
He went to the party.
Pardon me?